hey guys I'm around the coffee tea and
this is a video showing you just a few
ways to wear this leather jacket I loved
all the Jets there's such a fun thing or
fall winter spring summer anything and
the first office that i have i paired my
leather jacket with a very girly look
this is so me i'm such a girly girl and
it's just this pink tank top tucked into
a skirt it's just a floral pink skirt
the recipe outfits very girly and then
you sort of surprise everybody with a
leather jacket which is so fun then I
haven't even paired with these pink
girly best ballet flats which I think
how girl you can get and then you just
totally throw them off of a lot of
jackets and I want to show you some
other ways you can do that as you can
see I'm wearing leather jacket again but
this time I paired it with this leopard
cheetah print um turquoise and black
shirt I think the turquoise is such a
fun pop of color then I have it with
this sort of studded skirt that I got it
was originally forever 21 but I got it
the place called Plato's Closet where
you can get cheaper stuff cheaper
versions of slightly warm clothes and
boots I showed you if you watch my back
school video this is my room eighties
back look ok so I think this would be
great for a concert or a dance or even
if this is your style i usually don't
get this dressed up or this you know
crazy on a regular school day just
because people might look at me work
that's not my normal style and pretty
girly hey y'all this is the country look
so I thought staying with the that sort
of intro and I have just got this her
country dress it's sort of a styled up
Little House on the Prairie and it's one
of those dresses that looks horrible the
hair then you try it on your like
actually pretty cute so I be paired up
with my pink cowgirl boots which I am in
love with pink
girl how could you there nut and these
bracelets they came in a cute little set
and I just think they go perfectly with
this outfit okay so this is an outfit
that you could wear for work so I have
my leather jacket and I have this really
cute high-waisted skirts it's perfect
for work it's a pencil skirt and you can
still show off your long legs we can
have them I don't these just make my
legs look longer but you can still stay
appropriate for work so I have this
blacktop that I paired with it and some
black ballet flats these are the same
ones as my pink ones and they're from
payless they're versatile they're cheap
okay guys so this is now my mom calls 80
and my sister absolutely love so I just
put a bunch of casual pieces and I made
them sort of work together and be really
just like chic so I have this sort of
Gina SH tunic and it's again with a
leather jacket and I just roll up the
sleeves to you know fit with the jackets
look and then I put it with jeggings
which are GU items if you haven't heard
of them and I have these really cute
shoes from urban outfitters and they
just you know so much of casual pieces
you can just go out do whatever you want
because it's really casual outfit and
look really cute doing it alright guys
this is the next stop it this is now
before more the night on the town so
I've got my leather jacket and I paired
it with this really fun talk with Google
detail on it to master I shoes and
apparently these really fun changes as
you can give a perfect for an Allentown
and leather jackets so I have it with
these gold heels and they go perfectly
at the top and all of it goes together
and that's just like I like it it's
perfect for just going on and I'm tau
and having fun okay guys this is the
last look although I can think of a
million other things I can wear with my
leather jacket this is the boho look so
I have this really cute bohemian dress
and its ties right here and I just wore
cami under it because I don't want to
show too much and I
really really cute shoes I just think
they're really casual I show them
another one of my videos though and then
I paired it with this belt it's actually
vintage to eat scream my moms and it
just has this cute green detailing which
goes with the dress pretty well and this
brown here too so my last look thanks
for watching guys bye